FIX-#2978: Define public API for internal frame classes (#3030)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/engines/base/frame/data.rst

cases if an operation is striclty private or protected and called inside of the class only. The class provides
significantly reduced set of operations that fit plenty of pandas operations.

> Main task of ``PandasFrame`` is storage of partitions, manipulation with labels of axes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main tasks of ``PandasFrame`` are storage of partitions, manipulation with labels of axes and
```
